HI!
My name is Karolina Vasquez, and I'm from the beautiful city of Cali located in the Valle del Cauca region of Colombia. I come from a very humble yet loving family. I studied in an all-girls school where I truly grew as a woman and discovered many talents that led me to start my career as a graphic designer, which I completed in 2010 at the Los Libertadores University Foundation with incredible effort in the city of Bogotá. During my time at university, I learned many illustration techniques, which was what I enjoyed the most, but I gravitated towards the digital side where I learned to use programming tools, digital illustration, corporate image, web design, usability, and user experience. Along this path, I also gained experience in advertising agencies, and even in software development companies, where I combined my creative knowledge with technical expertise, thus growing in the industry as a digital designer. Most of my life and professional career were spent in Bogotá, Colombia, but I decided to fulfill my dream of living in one of the largest and youngest countries in the world, whose economy is more stable and offers other educational alternatives. It has been a wonderful change, and although at first I didn't manage to connect with my career, I managed to keep progressing and specializing in what I love the most: design. I love the digital industry, and I strive to keep learning and evolving. Likewise, I enjoy letting others know that I can offer the best of myself both personally and professionally.
